The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet. ~ J. Robert Oppenheimer
Stay Happy, never let anyone get your goat. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
What are the proper grounds for joy? Is it circumstance which will determine the stature of my spirit? Ah, no. It is choice. It is always a choice in the face of any event for joy. ~ Mary Anne Radmacher
Most folks are about as happy as they make their minds up to be. ~ Abraham Lincoln
If you paint in your mind a picture of bright and happy expectations, you put yourself into a condition conducive to your goal. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be. ~ Abraham Lincoln
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships. ~ Helen Keller
If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires. ~ Epicurus
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise. ~ Anonymous
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
The successful and happy ones dance lightly with life. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. ~ Woody Allen
We deem those happy, who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them. ~ Carl Jung
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. ~ Anonymous
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. ~ Hugh Downs
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. ~ Anne Frank
Believe in yourself. Have faith in your abilities. Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
Today is a Happy Day because I say it is. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. ~ Helen Keller
If anyone is unhappy, remember that his unhappiness is his own fault... Nothing else is the cause of anxiety or loss of tranquility except our own opinion. ~ Epictetus
Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. ~ Helen Keller
If I am happy in spite of my deprivations, if my happiness is so deep that it is a faith, so thoughtful that it becomes a philosophy of life. If, in short, I am an optimist, my testimony to the creed of optimism is worth hearing. ~ Helen Keller ... Helen Keller overcame being both deaf and blind to become a famous author, lecturer, and activist for women's suffrage, workers' rights, and ending war.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. ~ Carlos Castaneda
I am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation I may find myself. For I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition. ~ Martha Washington
Have the will to be well, to be happy, and to live in joy. ~ Ernest Holmes
I choose to feel supremely happy at this very moment. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
You can live the life you love - even in the face of the most challenging circumstances. While sometimes it may appear that life throws more obstacles in your path than you can handle, you can always choose to be happy. Yes, you are that powerful. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
If we are not happy and joyous at this season, for what other season shall we wait and for what other time shall we look? ~ Abdul-Baha
When we are happy and serene, time loses its power over us. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The eyes of the cheerful and of the melancholy man are fixed upon the same creation; but very different are the aspects which it bears to them. ~ Albert Pike
It's one of life's great paradoxes ... Accepting with gratitude whatever life throws at us is critical to happiness. Yet without a goal and commitment, life lose much of its value. The best we can do in the face of this paradox is to play to win, but be cheerful in defeat and ready to play again. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Indifferent to whether your mood is grumpy or cheerful, Nature always sings her passionate song of joyful celebration. You can never stop the happy song of life, so join the celebration - sing along, dance, make love, smile your biggest smile, and cheer on God's music. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
To be seventy years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be forty years old. ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
He who is contented is rich. ~ Lao Tzu
If all misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be contented to take their own and depart. ~ Socrates
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Play with life, laugh with life, dance lightly with life, and smile at the riddles of life, knowing that life's only true lessons are writ small in the margin. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Smile broadly, sing loudly, paint your rooms in bold colors, search every rabbit hole for a magical white bunny, have caviar for breakfast and oatmeal for dinner, wear a purple coat with a red hat - dance lightly with life. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Smile, and the world smiles with you. ~ Anonymous
Smile at the riddles of life, knowing that life's only true lessons are writ small in the margin. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. ~ Mother Teresa
Whenever the World Frowns, I Smile Back. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Smell the smells, feel the fear, and smile at the incoherent way life runs us in circles while inscribing the real lessons in a corner of the margin. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Grin your smile; giggle your laugh; unfurl your joy. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
When you think you're out of time, smile, and turn back the clock. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Peace begins with a smile. ~ Mother Teresa
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work. ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Grin your smile; giggle your laugh; unfurl your joy; dash the last trace of your self-consciousness; and cavort your most uninhibited play. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Wear an Inner Smile. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. ~ Mother Teresa
Smile. Today would be a wonderful day not to take life so seriously. Today may end up the way you prefer - and it may not. Happiness is not about being a winner- it's about being gentle with life - being gentle with yourself. Let life be a dance, and choose the kind of dance you want for today - perhaps a gentle loving dance. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around. ~ Leo Buscaglia
Be an Original, smile broadly, sing loudly, paint your rooms in bold colors, search every rabbit hole for a magical white bunny, have caviar for breakfast and oatmeal for dinner, wear a purple coat with a red hat, dance lightly with life. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. ~ Paramahansa Yogananda
It is easy enough to be pleasant When life flows by like a song, But the man worth while is the one who will smile When everything goes dead wrong. ~ Ella Wheeler Wilcox
When you feel worried and depressed, consciously form a smile on your face and act upbeat until the happy feeling becomes genuine. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
When the World Frowns, I Smile Back. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life is short, Break the Rules. Forgive quickly, Kiss SLOWLY. Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably And never regret ANYTHING That makes you smile ~ Mark Twain
If you have only one smile in you, give it to the people you love. Don't be surly at home, then go out in the street and start grinning good morning at total strangers. ~ Maya Angelou
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. ~ Mother Teresa
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. ~ Phyllis Diller
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
Don't fall for looks, they can deceive. Don't fall for wealth, in the end it fades away. Find someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright. ~ Anonymous
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop. ~ Anonymous
Joy's smile is much closer to tears than laughter. ~ Victor Hugo
The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when he discovers that someone else believes in him and is willing to trust him with his friendship. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Dance with a Light Heart. I play with life, laugh with life, dance lightly with life, and smile at the riddles of life, knowing that life's only true lessons are writ small in the margin. ~ Jonathan Lockwood Huie